.TH "metaboflux/include/gsl_mod.h" 3 "Wed Apr 27 2011" "Version 2.0" "MetaboFlux" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
metaboflux/include/gsl_mod.h \- 
.PP
Compute the modeling of scenarii.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBMod_score_print_mean\fP (\fBpListParameters\fP, \fBpSimParameters\fP, double *, double, int, int)"
.br
.RI "\fIPrint the mean score. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBMod_compute_modeling\fP (\fBpListParameters\fP, double *, double *, char **, int, int, int)"
.br
.RI "\fICompute the modeling. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Compute the modeling of scenarii. 

This file is part of MetaBoFlux (http://www.cbib.u-bordeaux2.fr/metaboflux/) Copyright (C) 2010 Amine Ghozlane from LaBRI and University of Bordeaux 1
.PP
MetaBoFlux is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.PP
MetaBoFlux is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
{Amine Ghozlane} 
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
2.0 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
9 novembre 2009 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBgsl_mod.h\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void Mod_compute_modeling (\fBpListParameters\fPa, double *fluxRatio, double *result_tab, char **files_path, intnumber_group, intgroup, intdebug)"
.PP
Compute the modeling. \fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Amine Ghozlane 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIa\fP struct \fBListParameters\fP 
.br
\fIfluxRatio\fP Ratio parameters 
.br
\fIresult_tab\fP Result table 
.br
\fIfiles_path\fP List of paths 
.br
\fInumber_group\fP Number of the group 
.br
\fIgroup\fP Group flag 
.br
\fIdebug\fP Debug flag 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 109 of file gsl_mod.c.
.PP
References ListParameters::banned, ListParameters::conf, Data_desallocSim(), Data_equationsAlloc(), Data_equationsInit(), Data_scoreAlloc(), Data_scoreFree(), Data_simParameters(), SimParameters::debugFile, Equations_calcul(), Equations_finalQuantite(), Mod_score_print_mean(), ListParameters::model, Score::name, ListParameters::nb_banned, ListParameters::nb_equations, ListParameters::nb_parameters, Score::nb_species, SimParameters::out, SimParameters::pile, Score::quantite, SimParameters::r, result_temp, SBML_compute_simulation_mean(), SBML_debugPrint(), simu, Score::species, Score::species_amount, Score::species_weight, Score::taille, Score::tailleSpecies, Xml_getNbTriesMod(), and SimParameters::y.
.PP
Referenced by Mpi_slave().
.SS "void Mod_score_print_mean (\fBpListParameters\fPa, \fBpSimParameters\fPsimu, double *result_tab, doubleenergie, intnumber_group, intgroup)"
.PP
Print the mean score. \fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Amine Ghozlane 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIa\fP Global parameters 
.br
\fIsimu\fP Simulation parameters 
.br
\fIresult_tab\fP Result table 
.br
\fIenergie\fP Energy of the simulation 
.br
\fInumber_group\fP Number of simulation 
.br
\fIgroup\fP Number of the group (if a group is simulated) 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 58 of file gsl_mod.c.
.PP
References Equations_findSpecies(), Score::name, ListParameters::nb_parameters, Score::nb_species, SimParameters::out, Score::quantite, Score::species, Score::species_amount, Score::taille, Score::tailleSpecies, and SimParameters::y.
.PP
Referenced by Mod_compute_modeling().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for MetaboFlux from the source code.
